Elisabeth Brown
Trainee administrator
22 Somewhere Street Barnsley B44 7RR
Tel: 01331 443 9999 Mobile: 07700 333 8888 Email: elisabeth.b@yourmail.com
c
Personal profile
A graduate with a comprehensive knowledge of
administration procedures and of providing
administrative and clerical support. Presently working
in a fast paced office environment handling
important commercial and technical documents.
Easy going by nature and able to get along with both
work colleagues and senior managers, currently
looking for a suitable trainee administrator position.
Academic qualifications
BA (Hons) Business Administration
A’ Levels: Maths (B) English (A)
NEBOSH Health and Safety
Areas of expertise
Business administration Secretarial tasks
Document management Data entry
Diary management IT skills
Work experience
TRAINEE ADMINISTRATOR
Harlows Financial Services June 2010 - Present
Organizing and planning essential central services
such as reception, security, maintenance, mail, as
well as the day to day running of the office.
Duties:
Having to evaluate, prioritize, organize and
delegate work schedules within an office
environment.
Managing filing systems.
Managing and recording office expenditure.
Using electronic filing systems and office
software, including email, spreadsheets and
databases to store documents.
Working at reception, greeting visitor and
answering telephone enquiries.
Recording office expenditure and managing the
budget.
Ensuring adequate staff levels to cover for
absences and peaks in workload.
Writing letters and corresponding with clients.
Managing incoming telephone calls, screening
calls and directing them to the appropriate
parties.
Experience and key competencies
Administrative skills
Experience of electronic data management
systems.
Knowledge of and experience of promoting
equality and diversity policy.
Able to undertake large amounts of routine
administration.
Knowledge of resource allocation and forward
planning.
Experience of carrying out Fire Safety Risk
Assessments.
Organising office events.
Screening and actioning email's.
Processing financial requests.
Providing secretarial support to advisors.
Preparing high quality reports and general
documentation.
Communicating professionally with customers,
contractors and other departments.
Overseeing and supervising the work of junior
staff.
Personal attributes
A comprehensive understanding of health and
safety regulations.
Strong decision-making skills.
Ability to multitask.
The ability to form positive relationships with
colleagues.
Have a proactive, 'can-do' approach to work.
Professional and confident telephone manner.
High attention to detail and accuracy.
Able to react quickly and effectively when
dealing with challenging situations.
Tactful, discrete and having respect for
confidentiality.
References
Available on request.
Personal
Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British
Languages: German, Polish
Copyright information - Please read
© This CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this CV
example for their own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page
or any other page on our site www.dayjob.com. However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on
other websites without our prior permission. For any questions relating to the use of this CV template please
email: info@dayjob.com. 