Karen Higgins
Research Coordinator
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A committed research coordinator with experience of supporting the research of a
large team of clinicians, trialists, statisticians, economists and systematic
reviewers. Having excellent communication skills and able to present results in a
clear and actionable format for investigators, sponsors, regulatory bodies or other
consulting professionals. Having the ability to work in partnership with a range of
organizations and can demonstrate initiative, flexibility and have high attention to
detail.
Currently looking for a suitable survey / research coordinator or with a reputable
company or organization.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Coventry North University – Coventry
RESEARCH COORDINATOR June 2008 - Present
Responsible for following established guidelines in the collection and tracking of
clinical data and resolution of data queries in accordance with study plans and
client preferences.
Duties:
Responsible for data cleaning, data editing, data matching.
Conducting literature or internet searches.
Writing up results for presentation and publication.
Accessing and organising resources successfully.
Delivering professional presentations to audiences and industry professionals.
Collecting data from interviews, non-participant observations or focus groups.
Preparation of research publications on behalf of the research team.
Identifying problems and inconsistencies.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Ability to analyse information and communicate effectively.
 Experience of statistical analysis.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Ability to manage competing priorities.
 Extensive knowledge of web-based proprietary databases and library resources.
 Researching potential target organisations and individuals for research contact.
Can cope with pressure and work to deadlines.
Proven proficiency in Microsoft Office XP suite, particularly Outlook & Excel.
Able to work autonomously, under own initiative and under pressure.
Good communication skills and the ability to interface with staff at all levels
and external clients.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Mathematics & Statistics
Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
REFERENCES – Available on request.
PROFESSIONAL
Foundations of Advanced
Mathematics - OCR
PERSONAL DETAILS
Karen Higginss
34 Anywhere Road
Coventry
CV6 7RF
T: 02476 888 5544
M: 0887 222 9999
E: karen.h@dayjob.co.uk
DOB: 12/09/1985
Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British
PERSONAL SKILLS
Approachable
Organised and efficient
Self motivated
Copyright information - Please read
© This research coordinator CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this
CV example for their own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page or any
other page on our site www.dayjob.com. However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on other websites
without our prior permission. For any questions relating to the use of this CV template please email: info@dayjob.com. 