Karen Brady
Graduate media sales executive
Dayjob Ltd, The Big Peg, 120 Vyse Street, Birmingham B18 6NF
Tel: 0870 061 0121 Mobile: 0777 777 7777 Email: info@dayjob.com
c
Personal profile
A recent graduate with a successful academic and
work track record, bags of enthusiasm and eager to
join a media sales team. Possessing a desire to
succeed, target driven, tenacious along with a first
class customer service ethic.
Persuasive and able to maximise revenue generation
through the successful development and
implementation of well researched and successful
advertising sales initiatives.
A bright, articulate and numerate individual with
excellent communication skills, currently looking for
a graduate media sales executive position.
Academic qualifications
BA (Hons) Publishing and Media
A’ Levels: Maths (C) English (A) Physics (A)
Areas of expertise
Commercial sales Media sales
Account management Consultative sell
Lead generation Selling over the phone

Work experience
TRAINEE ASSISTANT MANAGER
London Media Sales Co. May 2010 - Present
Selling advertising space (both print and online) to an
existing client base. Listening to the customer’s
requirements and the discussing the benefits we can
offer.
Duties:
? Contacting prospective and existing buyers over
the telephone to sell the companies products.
? Sourcing my own new leads.
? Liaising with both marketing and production
departments.
? Identify and drive key areas of new business
opportunity in key accounts.
? Using online social media sites to profile
organisations and develop leads.
? Speaking to decision makers within defined
business sectors.
? Attending forums, events and conferences.
? Giving PowerPoint presentations to potential new
clients.

EXPERIENCE & KEY COMPETENCIES
Sales skills
? A proven ability to hit & exceed sales targets.
? Ability to find out a clients advertising needs
and then match a solution to them.
? A confident telephone manner.
? Can demonstrate effective sales presentations
on a face to face level.
? Can meet clients to build close relationships
with them.
? Lead sourcing/generating new business leads.
? Ensuring KPI's are met.
? Familiar with contracts, creative proposals and
administrative queries.
? Knowledge of doing a consultative sell by
listening to a customer's requirements and
discussing a products benefits.
? Experience of selling print and also online
services.
? Able to communicate effectively with senior
level executives and managers.
Personal attributes
? Motivated, driven and focused on achieving in a
fast paced graduate media sales environment.
? Resilient and having an ability to deal with
rejection.
? Have a competitive attitude and can thrive
under pressure.
? Well organised, eager to learn and pro-active.
? Excellent communication & presentation skills.
? Able to work alone without supervision and as
part of a successful media team.
? Media savvy, articulate and well presented.
? Having the necessary drive and enthusiasm
required for a tough competitive industry.
References
Available on request.
Personal
Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British
Languages: Spanish, Polish