Sharon Hill
Graduate secretary
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A Business Administration graduate with secretarial experience and an ability to
improve efficiency and increase office performance. A naturally organised and
efficient individual with a high level of written and verbal communication skills.
A proven ability to support and manage the day to day activities of managers and
key staff members.
Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and senior
managers, currently looking for a suitable position in office or patient services.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BBA (Hons) Business Administration
Norwich University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (C) English (A)
Ipswich Town College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Coventry Electronic Repair Services – Coventry
TRAINEE SECRETARY June 2010 - Present
Responsible for carrying out all clerical support duties including: photocopying,
typing, filing, sorting the post and telephone answering. At all times using
discretion when providing information to others.
Duties:
Dealing with enquiries from colleagues or members of the public.
Screening of telephone calls and taking messages.
 Drafting reports, minutes correspondence, document amending.
Responsible for health and safety and security issues in the office.
Recording office expenditure and filing receipts.
Organising training and induction for new staff.
Informing managers of all legislative changes in my areas of responsibility.
Improving administrative systems in the office.
Arranging for the repair of office equipment i.e. printers, air conditioning.
Travel planning for senior managers and directors.
Managing purchase orders and invoices for the entire office.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Excellent spelling and grammar.
Able to prioritize individual workloads according to deadlines.
Typing speed of 60wpm.
 Excellent telephone manner and good interpersonal skills.
Advanced knowledge of MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
 Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
 Able to work as part of a team or alone.
An understanding of equality and diversity policies and issues.
REFERENCES – Available on request.