Helen Burns
Graduate structural engineer
PERSONAL SUMMARY
Possessing a comprehensive knowledge of designing and developing projects to
required specifications, focusing on economy, safety, reliability, quality and
sustainability. At present working for an established company that is involved in
construction, inspection, repair and maintenance projects throughout the UK.
Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and senior
managers, currently looking for a suitable graduate structural engineer position.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BEng (Hons) Structural Engineering with Computer Science
Chester University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (A) English (A) Business Studies (B)
Chester North College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Chester Home Builders – Chester
TRAINEE STRUCTURAL ENGINEER June 2010 - Present
Involved in projects from the concept and detail of the design through to
implementation, testing and handover. Part of a team that ensures a building is fitfor-purpose
and adheres to the project budget and schedule.
Duties:
Estimating material, construction, and labour costs, and project timescales.
Involved in producing due diligence surveys.
 Liaising with local contractors.
Load assessments of new and existing structures.
Giving PowerPoint presentations to managers and clients.
Communicating with government agencies and local authorities.
Evaluating, organizing & prioritizing work within the overall project schedule.
Preparing sketches, marking-up drawings and writing specifications etc.
Liaising with architects, engineering technicians and IT staff.
Structural inspections/assessments and making appropriate recommendations.
Providing expert technical advice including structural reports, crack monitoring.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Ability and also willingness to work in all weather conditions.
Able to explain technical design ideas clearly.
On site survey and client liaison experience.
Experience of preparing arboriculture and topographical reports.
Constantly focusing on a client's objectives of Quality, Cost and Programme.
 Knowledge of Stock Condition Surveys.
 Fully conversant with the relevant structural British Standards.
 Self-motivated with a positive and friendly attitude.
 Experience in design of foundations and retaining walls.
 Knowledge of autocad and SX3 / Northgate.
Experience of residential developments to large multi use commercial jobs.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 