Jane Smith
Graduate test analyst
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A competent and determined graduate with experience of testing software for
durability as well as computer bugs. Able to perform detailed testing of fixed,
mobile and contact centre customer applications to agreed standards, ensuring
client satisfaction and acceptance.
Presently looking for a suitable graduate test analyst position with a reputable and
forward looking company.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BA (Hons) Computer Science 2:2
Derby University 2007 - 2010
ISEB Foundation Certificate in Software Testing
A levels: Maths (A) English (A) Geography (A)
Central College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Salford Accountancy Firm – Coventry
ACCOUNTS ASSISTANT June 2010 - Present
Responsible for all day-to-day aspects of system testing on projects. Involved in
the testing of application capabilities using a secure, resilient, and scalable
methodology. Producing system test deliverables to agreed timescales, budget and
quality.
Duties:
Attending development project meetings with developers and end users.
Assisting in the preparation of test plans and test scripts.
Manual testing of front and back end systems covering the full lifecycle.
 Delivering UAT activities working on large scale projects with complex data.
 Creating test scenarios.
Involved in creating and designing a test environment.
Ensuring progress reporting requirements are met.
Providing feedback to the development team.
Providing estimates to senior managers.
Manage the prioritisation and reporting of defects.
Providing material for written status reports by the Test Manager.
Escalate project exceptions to the Project Manager.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Knowledge of defect management & administration.
Experience writing formal test documentation.
Excellent organisational and co-ordination skills.
Strong interpersonal skills and customer facing presentation qualities.
Having a thorough understanding of structured test methods & processes.
Experience of testing complex user interfaces.
 A understanding of both Manual and Automated Testing.
 Knowledge of QA Run or Winrunner.
 Able to plan test activities including logging, tracking and resolution.
 Experience of working with development teams on build and release management
processes.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 