Salma Khan
Junior software developer
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A talented graduate developer with a strong academic background and some
commercial experience. Ability to think through a problem coupled with the
confidence to make ideas heard. A proven ability to maintain and enhance
company software with the aim of improving operational functionality in line
with business requirement.
Salma is currently looking for a software developer opportunity that will allow
her to work alongside an expert team of developers. Thereby helping to drive her
career progression to more senior roles in the future.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BA (Hons) Computer Science 2:2
Bury University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (A) English (A) Geography (A)
Radcliffe College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Salford Accountancy Firm – Coventry
ACCOUNTS ASSISTANT June 2010 - Present
Working with analyst programmers in providing support to the IT business
systems. Responsible for ensuring software reliability, fitness for purpose,
efficiency, security, safety and maintainability.
Duties:
Working on systems maintenance patches and data fixes.
Creating test programs according to specification.
 Providing support in the event of software failure.
Suggesting improvements to the usage of applications and their design.
Providing support, maintenance and enhancement to new and existing systems.
Developing and testing solutions.
Ensuring accuracy of output on business critical systems.
To support customers and operational staff in issue resolution.
Analysing user requirements & then developing systems that meet their
requirements.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Experience of working through all stages of a development project.
Ability to manage own projects and portfolio.
Good administration and organisational skills.
Exposure to PHP development.
Having a logical approach to problem solving.
A strong understanding of professional software development practice.
 Able to communicate complex issues to a large range of stakeholders at all levels.
 Knowledge of differing methodologies.
 Possessing a solid academic understanding of software development principles.
 Proven ability to meet agreed project and customer satisfaction targets.
 Have exposure to requirements definition and concept of workflow / reporting.
Experience of working on large scale websites and micro sites.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 