Rachel Smith
Trainee accountant
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A bright and talented finance graduate who is looking to join a commerciallyfocused,
forward thinking company. Excellent communication skills with an
ability to interpret and communicate financial data to non-financial colleagues.
Currently employed on a temporary contract as an accounts assistant, but looking
for a permanent trainee position with a company that can offer a training
programme for aspiring accountants.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BBA (Hons) Accounts and Finance
Norwich University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (A) English (A) Business Studies (B)
Ipswich Town College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Salford Accountancy Firm – Coventry
ACCOUNTS ASSISTANT June 2010 - Present
Responsible for various areas including; invoicing, expenses, payment runs,
reconciliations and dealing with financial queries. Also be required to cover for
other staff in the finance team.
Duties:
Analysing financial data and making conclusions.
Involved in producing and analyzing year end financial accounts.
 Liaising with the company's auditors.
Helping to produce the companies tax return.
Involved in preparing monthly management accounts.
Assisting in bank reconciliations.
Helping departments to plan, manage and report their budgets forecasts.
Preparation of Statutory Accounts, CT600 and Corporation Tax Computations.
Completion of Personal Tax Returns.
Working with SAPA , SAGE 50 Accounts & SAGE taxation.
Ensure that the Company Service Guarantees are met.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Having a mathematical mind with good analytical skills.
Able to co-ordinate and manage all aspects of Payroll and VAT Administration.
Able to prioritize individual workloads according to deadlines.
Confident attitude with a proactive approach to your work.
Good knowledge of IRIS accounts production software.
 Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
 Experience of offering tax, accountancy & business development advice to clients.
 Up to date with all current accounting and taxation legislation.
 Possessing commercial acumen.
 Able to work as part of a team or alone.
Can produce sole trader ship, partnership and limited company accounts from both
manual and computerised records.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 