Gary White
1st line support
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A highly competent and enthusiastic 1st line support specialist with experience of
providing advice and practical assistance to system users via the IT service desk
telephone system and remote support software tools. Highly focused with a
comprehensive understanding of dealing with 1st line support calls and an in depth
knowledge of ITIL processes. Boasting a consistent & proven track record of
successfully employing best business practices that improve efficiency, reduce
operating costs whilst increasing performance.
Now looking for a suitable position with a ambitious & exciting company.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Technology Maintenance Company – Coventry
1ST LINE SUPPORT June 2008 - Present
Providing advice, support and practical assistance to system users via the IT service
desk telephone system and remote support software tools. Logging and processing
support issues via telephone or email whilst ensuring a high level of customer
service.
Duties:
Providing 1st line technical support, answering support queries via phone & email.
Remote administration and management of customer premises equipment.
 To log & prioritise system & user support calls for the second line support team.
Carrying out user administration and set up.
Recording and actioning faults as reported on: PC’s, servers, laptops and mobile.
Determining the nature of faults and the steps required to rectify it.
Creating and maintaining email profiles for users.
Closing the job when normal service is resumed.
Writing progress and statistical reports for supervisors and managers.
Using remote control software tools to provide fault resolution and diagnosis.
Creating and administrating Microsoft Exchange email accounts.
Document and maintain Help Desk policies and procedures.
The update and maintenance of the IT service desk authorised users database.
Train and supervise other support engineering staff.
Track, monitor and report on all Help Desk incidents within defined customer
service levels.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
 Proficiency in the troubleshooting and resolution of all client queries.
 Good problem solving skills along with the ability to maintain calm under pressure.
Basic understanding of PC hardware set-up and configuration.
A methodical and structured approach to problem solving.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Computer Networking
Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
REFERENCES – Available on request. 