Gary White
C developer
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A bright, talented and ambitious C developer with a strong technical background
who possesses self-discipline and the ability to work with the minimum of
supervision. Able to play a key role throughout the software development /
support life cycle of a project to ensure that quality solutions meet business
objectives. Possessing a good team spirit, deadline orientated and having the
ability to organise and present complex solutions clearly and accurately.
Looking for a suitable developer position with an exciting and innovative
company that offers room for progression.
WORK EXPERIENCE
IT Consultancy Firm – Coventry
C DEVELOPER June 2008 - Present
Contributing to both the requirements and technical aspects of any development
specification. Investigating software problems identified in testing or via Support
& providing solutions, also assisting in the resolution of software support issues.
Duties:
Working on the incorporation of smart technology & the use of portable devices.
Acting as a conduit between the business, clients and developers.
 Implementation of new services, applications and demonstrating them.
Identifying and analyse performance bottlenecks and rectifying them.
Technical design and documentation of new applications.
Involvement in analysis and design meetings.
Creating new applications for a data collection, maintenance & processing team.
Responsible for requirements capture, design, coding, testing, installation.
Web Application maintenance.
Unit testing of all new code and developing device drivers or kernels.
Providing support & maintenance of existing software.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Knowledge of: ASP.NET, Silverlight, TDD, Javascript, PHP, COM.
 Experience of: WPF, SQL Server, Design patterns, UML, OO, XSLT.
Strong knowledge of relational database design and implementation.
 Fluent in the current range of Microsoft C# /Java related technologies.
Excellent system programming skills on Microsoft Windows platforms.
Experience of Multi-threading and building real-time systems.
Ability to deliver time-saving solutions to tight deadlines.
Excellent knowledge of MS SQL Server.
Ability to respond to pressure and meet tight deadlines.
Database experience: Oracle and PostGreSQL.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Computer Science
Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
REFERENCES – Available on request. 