Gary White
Helpdesk support
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A well presented, well mannered and articulate helpdesk support professional
with extensive experience of performing diagnostics and resolving a customers
technical problems via telephone, e-mail and one to one. Having a proven track
record of successfully finding the root causes of problems, resolving them or
forwarding suggestions for improvements. A problem solver who enjoys a
challenge and can work well under pressure and who possesses strong customer
service skills, good communication skills and attention to detail.
Looking for a company which will challenge my problem solving skills and allow
me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Technology Networking Company – Coventry
HELPDESK ANALYST June 2008 - Present
Responsible for taking & logging incoming calls & providing efficient customer
support for all 1st Line issues relating to Servers, Desktops, Laptops and
peripherals. Supporting over 800 users & on average answering 40 IT calls a day.
Duties:
Providing technical support over the phone to all IT users.
Handling incoming incidents via the phone / e-mail promptly and effectively.
 Diagnosing and resolving a wide range of technical issues over the phone.
Take ownership of a call and seeing it through to closure.
Escalating calls and issues where necessary to senior managers & team leaders.
Investigating and implementing ways of reducing calls to the Help Desk.
Ensuring that all call details are captured and entered in the logging software.
Updating support documentation.
Answering & responding to all calls & requests within agreed time scales.
Keeping customers updated as to progress.
Provide troubleshooting and configuration support for client desktop and
networking environment.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
A good working knowledge of all levels of helpdesk support.
 Excellent telephone manner and customer service skills.
 Able to diplomatically manage customer's expectation.
Experience of setting up and maintaining hardware and software systems.
Ability to work shifts and weekends - occasional overtime / overnight.
Having the ability to listen to, understand and defuse difficult situations.
Experience of working with CAFM systems & multi-line help desk systems.
Knowledge of all Microsoft office applications and operating systems.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Computer science
Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
REFERENCES – Available on request. 