Susan Greene
Database administrator
PERSONAL SUMMARY
An experienced IT professional with database & Unix administration skills across
both Oracle and MS SQL. Having the ability to take the technical lead in projects
and supporting technical implementation whilst working on multiple products.
Currently working in a demanding production support environment managing
large volumes of business critical data. A committed team player, self motivated
with the ability to communicate at all levels.
Presently looking for a suitable database administrator position with a responsible
company.
WORK EXPERIENCE
IT Consultancy Firm – Coventry
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR June 2008 - Present
Responsible for the technical and administration aspects of the companies Oracle
and SQL Database infrastructure. Also the first point of call for providing
technical support as well as specialist technical input.
Duties:
Installing and maintaining databases.
Administration of the database including performance monitoring and tuning.
 Taking part in the preparation and execution of technical tests.
Populating a database with new information or transfer existing data into it.
Creating back up copies of data.
Daily maintenance of firewall protection and file security.
Development of web based interfaces for Oracle databases and web applications.
Responsible for database security and also preventing data loss.
Identifying and escalating immediately any risks to the database service.
Involved in the design of physical database schema, data modeling, and
performance tuning.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Able to effectively communicate technical data to non technical colleagues.
 Experience of Oracle Application Servers, SAN, NAS, XMLDB.
Able to plan the structure of a database.
 Experience with RAC, ASM, instance tuning and SQL tuning.
 Have an excellent knowledge of PHP, SQL, XHTML, CSS and JavaScript.
 Ability to multi task & prioritise under ever changing & challenging workloads.
Ability to quickly understand complex problems and devise effective solutions.
Experience of working on Oracle 9i/10/g/11g server infrastructures.
Knowledge of OEM, Diagnostic, Tuning, Configuration and Change
Management Packs.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Computer Science
Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
REFERENCES – Available on request. 