Amanda Brown
English Teacher CV
PERSONAL SUMMARY
An articulate qualified English teacher who is able to effectively communicate
with students from diverse backgrounds or varying degrees of ability. A
committed and dedicated professional with a proven ability to teach, motivate
and direct students to maximum performance by encouraging a positive and
energetic environment.
Fully conversant with the English National Curriculum across Key Stages 3,4
and 5 and experience of exploiting technology in the classroom to make the
most of the learning experience. Presently looking for a English teaching
position with a progressive school.
CAREER HISTORY
Hillfields Secondary School - Milton Keynes
ENGLISH TEACHER April 2008 - Present
Teaching students how to read, write and speak English in a large and
successful comprehensive. Providing a classroom presence and contributing to
the positive ethos of the school. Putting students first by demonstrating energy,
vision and creativity.
Duties:
Teaching English Language & Literature from KS3, KS4 and Entry level.
Helping pupils to define and identify different types of verbs.
 Tailoring English teaching methods to suit the needs of individual students.
Planning, preparing and delivering lessons to a range of English classes.
Conducting up to 5 classes in one day.
Recording and monitoring a students attendance.
Marking work and giving appropriate feedback to pupils.
Devising and writing new curriculum materials.
Preparing pupils for external examinations, such as GCSE and A-level.
Managing pupils’ behaviour in the classroom and on school premises.
Administrating examinations.
Preparing coursework for students and the class.
St Andrews School - Manchester
SUPPLY TEACHER June 2006 – March 2008
Creating a classroom atmosphere which is comfortable and at the same time
stimulating, thereby helping students to grasp grammar and furthering their
knowledge of literature.
Duties:
Helping pupils to improve their conversational English.
Taught SEN and small low ability groups.
Putting up displays in the classroom.
Liaising with other professionals such as educational psychologists.
Keeping parents and carers updated about their child's progress.
Organising school trips and sports events.
Arranging homework for schoolchildren.
Stressing the importance of context to language learning.
CAREER STATEMENT
“I feel that my greatest
strengths are my ability to
understand and meet the needs
of individual children and
families. Having a clear
understanding of the
importance of confidentiality
and being able to provide a
stimulating, caring and
consistent environment for
pupils..“
Amanda Brown 
PROFESSIONAL
Relevant First Aid Certificate
Basic Food Hygiene
Certificate
CRB cleared
Paediatric First Aid
Qualified Teacher Status
PERSONAL DETAILS
Amanda Brown
82 Anywhere Road
Milton Keynes
M5 699
T: 01432 888 7722
M: 0779 7755 111
E: amanda.b@emailaddress.com
KEY COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS
Teaching skills and Personal attributes
Discussing course objectives, expectations & homework policies with pupils.
Breaking classrooms down into smaller more manageable groups.
Focusing on teaching basic verb identification.
Able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
Flexible and adaptable.
Considerate and patient.
Enjoy working with children and young people.
 Can involve and inspire students from all levels.
 Can form quick and productive relationships with pupils and staff.
Able to stay calm in all situations.
Can assimilate within a department and school quickly and effectively.