Mark Brown
151 Made Up Road Coventry CV3 1LR
Tel: 02476 011 888
Mobile: 0777 222 8888
Email: mark.b@youremail.com
PERSONAL SUMMARY
An experienced head teacher with over 7 years of
experience in providing the vision and leadership
required to ensure a high quality of education for
pupils. Having a proven track record of
successfully managing resources and staff to
improve educational services, thereby providing
pupils and teachers with the best environment to
achieve their full potential.
Possessing the required enthusiasm, vision, drive
and adaptability necessary to manage a modern
school. Currently looking for a header teacher
position with a progressive school that values and
celebrates diversity and achievement.
CAREER HISTORY
Hillborough School - Nottinghamshire
HEAD TEACHER April 2007 - Present
Working in partnership with pupils, staff, parents,
governors and the local community to develop a
rich and creative curriculum which meets the
learning needs of all children.
Duties:
Involved in the recruitment and selection of
teaching and support staff.
Monitoring the performance of all staff.
Keeping in regular contact with the local community
to promote the schools ethos and ensure good a
relationship.
Ensuring quality assurance and development targets
are met.
Negotiating contracts with contractors and other
external third parties.
Constantly encourage new developments in the
curriculum in the context of local and national
initiatives.
Planning, managing and monitoring the curriculum
within the agreed budget.
Making sure that financial regulations are adhered
to.
Setting appropriate targets for the improvement of
school performance.
Chesterton School - Berkshire
DEPUTY HEAD May 2004 – April 2007
Provided professional leadership and management
for the school. Strove hard to promote the aims of
the school through the implementation of the
policies of the governing body. Involved in the day
to day running of the school.
Duties:
Reported to the Headmaster and school governors
on key issues.
Focused on pupils’ achievement, using data and
benchmarks to monitor their progress.
Ensured that the progress of the pupils of the
school is monitored and recorded.
Reviewing and assessing the staffing structure of
the school.
Promoted self-discipline and proper regard for
authority.
Encouraged good behaviour from pupils.
Arranged for parents to be given regular information
about the school curriculum.
Implementing the governing body’s policies on
equal opportunities and diversity.
Advised and assisting when required the governing
body of the school in the exercise of their functions.
Regularly liaised with other schools and further
education establishments.
Making arrangements for the security and effective
supervision of the school buildings and their contents
and of the school grounds.
Helping to develop and produce of the School
Improvement Plan.
KEY STRENGTHS
Strategic planning
Curriculum development
Leadership and staff training
Flexibility
Training
Cost control
Budget forecasting
Project management
Decision making
Adaptability
Self motivation
High energy levels