Michael Andrews
Graduate architect
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A team player with excellent communication skills and academic qualifications,
who has recently graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering and
Architecture.
Possessing a proven ability to ensure projected architectural designs are
functional, safe and economical and meet the needs of the client. Excellent
communication skills to keep in touch with clients to ensure that the project
designs match their needs
Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and
senior managers, currently looking for a suitable architect position.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Civil Engineering with Architecture (BEng) 2:2
Cardiff East University 2007 - 2010
RIBA Part I & II (Distinction)
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Cardiff College 2006 - 2007
GCSE: Maths (B) English (C) Physics (C) Geography (A)
Mount Pleasant School 2005 - 2006
PERSONAL SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Sound knowledge of Building Regulations and British Standards.
Proficient with Vectorworks and knowledge of Microstation or AutoCad.
Having the ability to think and create in three dimensions.
Able to work as part of a team or individually.
Ability to prioritize and plan effectively.
CAD proficient and have good design & technical skills.
Flexible and willing to travel..
An ability to withstand a pressured team.
Ensuring confidentiality at all times.
Able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
In-depth understanding of the construction industry.
Able to resolve problems and issues that arise during construction.
Competent with dealing with letters, emails and telephone queries.
Fully aware or all Health & Safety regulations and requirements.
CAREER HISTORY
Barton Primary School - Salford
ARCHITECT (TEMPORARY) April 2010 - Present
Employed with a small architects firm and currently involved in working on a
variety of exciting new projects throughout the UK.
Duties:
Working closely with other professionals like surveyors and civil engineers.
Producing drawings and specifications for construction teams
 Involved in designing student campus accommodation and associated facilities.
Identifying customer requirements and attending meetings on site.
Helping to co-ordinate technicians and craftspeople.
Assessing the impact a building will have on the local environment.
Ensuring building projects are completed within budget and schedule.
Liaising with local authorities and regulatory bodies re: building regulations.
Helping to prepare company tender applications.
Writing design and technical reports.
An understanding of all aspects of the design and procurement process.
Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills.
Responsible for specifying the nature and quality of materials required..
