Alan Higgins
Graduate electronics design engineer
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A recently graduated electronics design engineer with a proven track record of
repairing, researching, testing and producing precision components and systems.
Focused with a in-depth understanding of designing, developing and maintaining
electrical systems and components to required specifications.
Possessing excellent communication skills & having the ability to communicate
professionally with colleagues and clients. Alan is currently seeking a suitable
electronics design engineer position with a reputable company.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
MSc Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Nuneaton University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Coventry Electronic Repair Services – Coventry
ICT SUPPORT WORKER June 2010 - Present
Responsible for meeting customer face to face, identifying their requirements and
then professionally suggesting, explaining and providing technical solutions to
them.
Duties:
Repairing customers LCD / TFT displays and other electronic products.
Providing a comprehensive fault finding and repair service.
 Ensuring work place safety regulations are met.
Dealing with a customers IT queries verbally or through demonstrations.
Providing customers with quotations.
Designing, assembling & testing optoelectronic & integrated electronic circuits.
Checking and calibrating instruments to make sure they are accurate.
Providing technical support to end users over the telephone.
Having to mentor technical and non technical junior staff.
Organizing routine servicing schedules for clients.
Producing test plans in support of integration and system verification.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Able to prioritize individual workloads according to deadlines.
 Knowledge of computer-assisted engineering and design software.
Establishing sub-system response to component failures.
 Excellent fault finding and diagnosis skills.
Able to read electrical design specifications and technical drawings.
 Keeping up to date with the latest developments in technology and regulations.
 Ability to control multiple project activities simultaneously.
Able to explain technical issues to non technical customers and colleagues.
Undertaking electronic sub-system problem investigations.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 