Anthony Roberts
157 Park Road Luton L1 6RR
Tel: 0161 555 3333 Mobile: 07766 111 2222 Email: anthony.r@yourmail.com
Personal profile
A highly motivated recent Business Studies graduate
looking to kick start his career as a financial advisor
and build his business building skills with a reputable
finance company.
Possessing enthusiasm, drive and a positive attitude
required to be successful in a sales and marketing
environment. Presently looking for a graduate or
trainee financial advisor position with a rewarding and
forward looking company.
Academic qualifications
BA (Hons) Business Studies 2:1
Certificate in Financial Planning (CFP)
A’ Levels:
Maths (B)
English(A)
Geography (C)
Work experience
MORTGAGE ADVISOR (part – time)
First Base Mortgages June 2010 - Present
Giving advice on mortgages and related products like
investments, life insurance, critical illness cover and
pensions. Working in the early evening, contacting
clients via telephone and occasionally meeting them
face to face.
Duties:
Helping clients to find financial products that suit their
needs.
Doing general administrative office work.
Having to explain financial matters clearly, with the
minimum of jargon.
Conducting in-depth reviews of clients’ financial
circumstances.
Researching and finding the best financial products.
Contacting other professionals like estate agents,
solicitors and valuers.
Making sure all paperwork is completed correctly to
comply with the regulations of the Financial Services
Authority (FSA).
Setting up meetings with clients.

Voluntary experience
Volunteer Advisor (part - time)
Citizens Advice Bureau January 2010 – June 2010
Spending Saturdays by providing people with free
legal advice to help resolve any problems or issues
they have.
Duties:
Making telephone calls and enquiries on behalf of
clients.
Occasionally going along with them to court hearings
or at tribunals.
Writing letters on behalf of people.
Explaining to people how we can help them.
Administrative duties like filing, updating records.
Finding out about a clients problems.
Answering emails and phone enquiries.
Getting involved in media campaigns.
Helping with fundraising activities.
Personal skills
• Success and results driven.
• Excellent numeracy and IT skills.
• Research and analyse financial information.
• Proven sales and negotiation skills.
• Punctual and well presented.
• Confident outlook.
• Good listener.
• Able to work individually or in a team.
• Open minded and non-judgemental.
• Attention to detail.
• Adaptable to new situations.
• Enjoy a competitive environment.
• High energy levels.
• Able to work under pressure.
• Problem solving.
References
Available on request.
Personal
Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British
Languages: Spanish