Brian Harris
Graduate manager
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A recent Business Management graduate with a proven ability to reduce costs
and provide strategic leadership. Hands on knowledge and experience of the
managerial processes and planning implementation phases required for projects.
Possessing excellent communication skills and having the ability to
communicate professionally with clients, colleagues and senior managers on
detailed issues.
Easy going by nature, Brian is currently looking for a starting management
position in the banking and finance sector.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Business Management 2:2
Leicester University 2007 - 2010
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Barford Town College 2005 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Barratts Insurance Services – Leicester
TRAINEE MANAGER May 2010 - Present
Working as part of a team within a fast-paced environment, focusing on
delivering work to a high standard of client satisfaction whilst ensuring
profitability. Ensuring that project activity is well planned, well thought
through, well briefed and well executed.
Duties:
Contacting current clients & building relationships with prospective new ones.
Attending meetings and giving presentations to senior managers and clients.
 Responding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise.
Achieving targets set by the General Manager.
Involved in risk analysis, interpreting project data and drawing conclusions.
Analysing market research reports
Involved in budgetary control, efficiency savings & recycling.
Assessing ROI.
Keeping senior management informed of all changes in my areas of
responsibility.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Determined, resourceful and target driven.
 Commercially minded and ambitious.
Able to manage time well and prioritize accounts where necessary.
Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.
 Strong decision-making skills.
 Ability to control multiple project activities simultaneously.
REFERENCES – Available on request. 